chore: Clarify playwright screenshots issue (#2437)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/_partials/_advanced-playwright.md

:::note
Playwright is not a real Emulator or Simulator. It just emulates the browser behavior such as `userAgent`, `screenSize`, `viewport` and etc.
:::

## Screenshots

> To enable Playwright screenshot capture, please refer to the [Playwright Config](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-configuration#automatic-screenshots).

Reviewer: The anchor in this url (`automatic-screenshots`) doesn't exist in the page. Did you mean this url? https://playwright.dev/docs/test-use-options#recording-options

Reviewer: Given that automatic screenshots won't work as expected with our reporter, we probably don't want to suggest that they enable this. The phrasing `To enable Playwright screenshot capture...` suggests this feature _will_ work on sauce.

Author: > The anchor in this url (`automatic-screenshots`) doesn't exist in the page. Did you mean this url? https://playwright.dev/docs/test-use-options#recording-options

yep. Weird. Yesterday the url seems worked. Will update it.

```javascript
test('take a screenshot', async ({ page }, testInfo) => {
  await page.goto('https://playwright.dev/');
  await page.screenshot({ path: 'screen_capture_unique_name.png' });
  await testInfo.attach('screen_capture_unique_name.png', { path: 'screen_capture_unique_name.png', contentType: 'image/png' });
});
```

The captured screenshot will be logged in `sauce-test-report.json`` and can be accessed in the "Screenshots" tab on the Sauce Labs web UI. You can also download the screenshots as artifacts.

:::caution
Please be aware that using the default screenshot setting in the [Playwright Config](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-use-options#recording-options) may result in potential issues on Sauce Labs. By default, Playwright generates screenshot files in the following structure:

```
demo-todo-app-Editing-should-save-edits-on-blur-webkit
demo-todo-app-Editing-should-save-edits-on-blur-webkit/test-finished-1.png
demo-todo-app-Routing-should-allow-me-to-display-all-items-chromium
demo-todo-app-Routing-should-allow-me-to-display-all-items-chromium/test-finished-1.png
```

> However, Sauce Labs only supports uploading flattened files, which means that `test-finished-1.png` would be uploaded and overwritten, resulting in only one `test-finished-1.png` existing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, Sauce Labs only supports a flat file hiearchy, which means that `test-finished-1.png` would be uploaded and overwritten, since only one file named `test-finished-1.png` can be stored.
```
